#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
imageio==2.35.1
    # via scikit-image
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
matplotlib==3.9.1.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.3
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
scikit-image==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-video==1.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-video
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
tifffile==2024.8.30
    # via scikit-image
